common/nl: update page; linux/nl: add page (#12163)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nl.md

# nl

> Number lines from a file or from `stdin`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/nl.1p>.

- Number non-blank lines in a file:

`nl {{path/to/file}}`

- Read from `stdin`:

`{{command}} | nl -`

> - Number [a]ll [b]ody lines including blank lines or do not [n]umber [b]ody lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number [a]ll [b]ody lines including blank lines or do [n]ot number body lines:
```

As I understand, the n stands for "no numbering"?
